well this is good times boss but I was
kind of hoping when I saw you you'd have
more than that I do I have you back in
the day I had eyes everywhere ears
everywhere else you kids had all the
tech you could dream up here we all are
back on earth
with nothing but our wit and our will to
save the world Ultron says the Avengers
are the only thing between him and his
mission and whether or not he admits it
his mission is global destruction all
this laid in a grave
so stand
outwit the Platinum bastard Steve
doesn't like that kind of talk
you know what Romanov so what does he
want to become better better than us
he keeps building bodies person buddies
human form is an efficient biologically
speaking were outmoded but he keeps
coming back to it you two programmed him
to protect the human race you amazingly
failed they don't need to be protected
they need to evolve Walt Ron's going to
evolve